Are you?
My daughter Nian Nian also goes to this school
By the way, this is for you.
Later in Gimhae City
Buy anything in our mall
I'm so sorry to miss my mother for free
Why are you being polite to me?
Who doesn't know?
You gave birth to an heir to Story Group
You are the lady boss of the story.
Then we have to rely on you to mention more in the future
Xing Nian Nian Mom
I remember
Bye. Bye.
Make sure to get the story as soon as possible
Take our lady's place
Oh, Mom.
How is it you?
Madam, the young master doesn't like people entering his room
You came in without permission
He won't be happy to know
I have children with Gu Sheng
Am I an outsider?
What about Gu Shengren? He has something to go on a business trip temporarily.
Let me help him pack for a business trip
Hmm wait a minute
Hello, what's wrong with Mr. Gu?
Chen Tezhu has acute gastroenteritis
You're ready to fly in with me